Now let's look at how to remotely control the robot
In order to operate the robot with the remote control,
The Rohnose remote control depth block must be fitted
second
Also in the cpu block of all
Remote control adjustment program must be downloaded
Third, the ID of the remote control and the ID of the remote control receiving block must be the same
fourth
All of the cpu blocks must be in the download location, not in the run
This is a series of
No-that we'll look at how to adjust the remote control first,
Turn on the remote
Enter the program mode
So press and hold the STOP button until it is cool.
After checking out the Tefal program
Turn on the cpu block on the robot and select download mode In download mode
Connect the cables
Then press and hold the ok button
The program will be transferred. If the program is normally transferred
Unplug cable
Next, enter remote control mode
I will try to freeze the ID.
I 'll use ID three here.
I tried to use id 3 of remote control,
It is set to 7
ok button
Press and hold to confirm ID is set to 3
Such a right
Change the mode of the remote control's cpu block to 17-line mode instead of download
You can fix it with the remote control.
I have learned how to operate the robot with the remote control.
We'll take a closer look at the details in other videos